Tommy hey here I got talking mom left
hey what's up what's going on here hey
you gotta clean your layout clean good
hey yourself in the field the North left
I'm going are we are we covering our
area recorder for recording i need to
put on my I'll do it go ahead give it to
me showing up right back yellow is
recorded his goal is been done got my
lines what's good on my page hey lace be
I let me go twitter follow the jays last
faced go put on buddy
what is this oh here we go here we go
ready 1 pick that picture whatever you
got Tommy in another ride a night
decided to go on a Friday yeah oh
alright I gotta do this yeah hey you see
if I can do this I'm gonna multi task
here okay ready okay can you guys at
least act like you know you guys know
each other ok ready 1 2
what's the shirt what's this all about
what's the song about service soon we
are at the scenes gonna go to stop
ductions he's getting shoes on the
siding going on the others k 1 minutes
before genome y'all obviously no time
you see no se but I've been a friday
night it's going down check it out yeah
it's gonna promote the movie princess a
lot so check that out too
you
Tommy p